the physical using Jana's pork for the
starter hfj has upped his game at each
stage of the competition he likes to use
every part of the animal so fully
starter he's gonna use the pig's head to
make a brawn quite an ambitious dish
it's really important not to waste
where's the thing so you've got to be
inventive and how are you gonna scrape
the bones down to make a terrine or
whatever you know that's what we
practice here the pheasant is what life
is all about we do put everything into
it you know I want to be the best
I want that accolade of being Gordon
Ramsay's best local restaurant the
pheasant starter tonight is brawn with
crisp pork belly to make the brawn Jay
cooks the pig's head with vegetables
herbs spices and pig trotters Warren is
a traditional English course pate who
once cooked he removes all the flesh
from the bones along with some of the
skin you'd be surprised the amount of
meat that there is actually within the
head see that's that's the cheek there
lovely little nugget of meat to flavor
the bran he adds parsley green
peppercorns and mixed spices
J uses half the brawn to make the capita
the other half is breaded and deep-fried
J's Branca Pacha is served with
hard-boiled egg baby leeks and a chopped
apple salad
finally the dish is finished with a
slice of five pork belly born with Chris
pork belly served tell me about the
recipe born is born yeah the reason for
the carpaccio Justi also lose the ick
factor yo ladies really it's a very
robust yeah yeah that's what you know
most people you know they're all foodies
though if they'd even if they don't like
the idea of born they'll try it I'm sure
if they try to like it